Sorry I'm late.
How are you
It's always been me
So solving the greenhouse tax problem
You are the one who carries out the follow-up business work.
OK
I'm afraid you're too tired.
You
Don't be mad at me for hiding it from you if I tell you
You will definitely refuse me
What do you want?
Xiaoyan
I said I'd get yours back
Now I give you the fan too.
I gave you the money too.
How can you rely on
Okay, I recognize these two.
Then you promise me a request.
If you can do it, I promise to try it with you
What is it?
What can't be done with this?
light rain
I've been waiting for you to put it back on for you for a day
you
Didn't you give it to Xia Yun?
Ah, he bought the ring on his hand himself.
But I don't know.
He bought it on purpose to be as delicious as our wedding rings
Xiaoyu, let me put it back on for you. Okay.
Sorry Mr. Wen
But congratulations.
I wish Mr. Wen and Mr. Lu a century of harmony